---
layout: post
title: "Changes"
date: 2016-05-02
tags:
  - blogmonth
  - 30in30
  - blog month 2016
comments: true
published: true
---

There have been a few big changes in my life over the past few months. In March
we bought a house, which has been an interesting learning experience for me. But
I promised I won't talk too much about my homeownership adventures, so that's
not what this post is about. This post is about another adventure, a new job.

In February of 2014 I moved from New Mexico back to my home state of
Massachusetts. My husband had just been accepted to Boston University Law
School, and I had been dying to get back to my roots. I had been living in New
Mexico for almost a decade, which turned out to be much longer than I originally
planned. I took a job at [Constant Contact](http://www.constantcontact.com) as
a Systems Engineer and Puppet Evangelist.

The past two-ish years at Constant Contact have been great. This was my first
experience in a real web-scale SaaS shop. SaaS is really the holy-grail of tech
ops, and I was quite lucky to land a job like this one. Constant Contact has
taught me a lot about myself, about scaling, about succeeding in an enterprise,
and about what DevOps really means in practice. I've picked up a lot of hard
skills, and even more soft skills. But, all good things must come to an end.
This coming Friday will be my last day at Constant Contact. It is bittersweet,
as leaving a job often is. I've made some great friends, and grown quite a bit
as a professional during my tenure.

I'm going to be joining the Professional Services team at
[Kovarus](http://www.kovarus.com). Kovarus is based in Silicon Valley, but I'll
be working remotely from Boston. My focus as a consultant will be on Puppet and
continuous delivery. I'm really looking forward to joining this team and being
able to share my experiences with others. If you know me, or follow me, you
probably know that I'm really passionate about teaching and sharing. I think
this will be a great way to engage that passion in combination with my other,
more engineering oriented skills. Cue the consultant jokes...you know you want
to...

So stay tuned for updates on the transition. I'll probably be writing about my
adventures as a remote employee and learning how to work from home full time.
I'll still be active in the community, hopefully even more so.

Also, if you're interested in some consulting, let me know :)
